docs(progressbar):Revamp Overview (#1053)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/progressbar/label.md

# Label for the ProgressBar

> The label for the ProgressBar is a text representation of the completion of the task. By default the value of completion is shown as percent `%` since the default value for the `Max` parameter is 100. If you are using different value for the `Max` parameter, you might need to override the default label - percent value in this scenario will not be accurate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The label for the ProgressBar is a text representation of the completion of the task. By default, the value shows as percent `%` since the default `Max` value is `100`. If you are using a different `Max` value, then override the default label, otherwise the percent value will appear inaccurate.
```
